Update WebFileRepository and XSOARWebServer integration files (#29468)
demisto/content: Packs/WebFileRepository/Integrations/WebFileRepository/README.md

    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Incident type |  | False |
    | Long running instance |  | False |

>     | Port mapping (&lt;port&gt; or &lt;host port&gt;:&lt;docker port&gt;) | Runs the service on this port from within Cortex XSOAR. Requires a unique port for each long-running integration instance. Do not use the same port for multiple instances. Note: If you click the test button more than once, a failure may occur mistakenly indicating that the port is already in use. (For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) If you do not enter a Listen Port, an unused port for the EDL will automatically be generated when the instance is saved. However, if using an engine, you must enter a Listen Port.  | True |

Author: ```suggestion
    | Port mapping (&lt;port&gt; or &lt;host port&gt;:&lt;docker port&gt;) | Runs the service on this port from within Cortex XSOAR. Requires a unique port for each long-running integration instance. Do not use the same port for multiple instances. Note: If you click the test button more than once, a failure may occur mistakenly indicating that the port is already in use. (For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) If you do not enter a port, an unused port for Web File Repository will automatically be generated when the instance is saved. However, if using an engine, you must enter a port.  | True |
```

To access the File Management UI by instance name, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled. 

1. In Cortex XSOAR, go to **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.
2. (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the `instance.execute.external.<instance_name>` key is set to `true`. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the `instance.execute.external.<instance_name>` and set the value to `true`. See [this documentation](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/long-running-invoke) for further information.

> 3. In a web browser, go to
>    (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) `https://<cortex-xsoar-address>/instance/execute/<instance_name>/`.
> 
>    In Multi Tenant environments, go to `https://<cortex-xsoar-address>/acc_<account name>/instance/execute/<instance_name>/`

Author: ```suggestion
3. In a web browser, 
   (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) go to `https://<cortex-xsoar-address>/instance/execute/<instance_name>/`.

   In Multi Tenant environments, go to `https://<cortex-xsoar-address>/acc_<account name>/instance/execute/<instance_name>/`
```

>    For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) `https://ext-<cortex-xsiam-address>/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`

Author: ```suggestion
   (For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) go to `https://ext-<cortex-xsiam-address>/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
```

To access the File Management UI by instance name, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled. 

1. In Cortex XSOAR, go to **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.
2. (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the `instance.execute.external.<instance_name>` key is set to `true`. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the `instance.execute.external.<instance_name>` and set the value to `true`. See [this documentation](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/long-running-invoke) for further information.
3. In a web browser, 
   (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) go to `https://<cortex-xsoar-address>/instance/execute/<instance_name>/`.

   In Multi Tenant environments, go to `https://<cortex-xsoar-address>/acc_<account name>/instance/execute/<instance_name>/`

>    (For Cortex XSOAR 8) go to `https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
>    (For Cortex XSIAM) go to `https://ext-<XSIAM-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      (For Cortex XSOAR 8 or XSAIM) go to `https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
```
